docs(gitlab): clarify limited scope of usage of Deploy Tokens (#30787)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/platform/gitlab/readme.md

## Authentication

You can authenticate Renovate to GitLab, with a [Personal Access Token](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/profile/personal_access_tokens.html), [Project Access Token](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/settings/project_access_tokens.html) or [Group Access Token](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/group/settings/group_access_tokens.html).

To start, create either:

- a [Personal Access Token](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/profile/personal_access_tokens.html#create-a-personal-access-token) for the bot account

> - or a [Project Access Token](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/settings/project_access_tokens.html#create-a-project-access-token) to the project Renovate will be working on

Reviewer: I would like a warning here that a project token will only work with one project and is usually not the way people want to run renovate

Author: Sure, why not. Though I know of several monorepo projects that run Renovate as part of their CI/CD pipeline (schedule with rules).

Regarding warnings, I mentioned in the [discussion](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/discussions/30603) that this page overlaps with [[GitLab bot security](https://docs.renovatebot.com/gitlab-bot-security/#gitlab-bot-security)](https://docs.renovatebot.com/gitlab-bot-security/#gitlab-bot-security). For example, should we also mention that Project Access Tokens and Group Access Tokens require GitLab Premium or Ultimate tiers?

Reviewer: I think it's ok to address these two docs separately or together if you prefer. I want to avoid people getting confused where they add a project token from their renovate runner repo and then don't understand why it can't discover any of their repos.

> - or a [Project Access Token](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/settings/project_access_tokens.html#create-a-project-access-token) to the project Renovate will be working on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- or a [Project Access Token](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/settings/project_access_tokens.html#create-a-project-access-token) if Renovate only needs to check/update one project (usually not recommended as it requires configuring Renovate and tokens once per project)
```

- Make sure the user that owns the access token is a member of the corresponding GitLab projects/groups with the right permissions.
- Make sure the access token has the `read_registry` scope.

> You may also use a dedicated [Deploy Token](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/deploy_tokens/) instead of using `RENOVATE_TOKEN` as the password in the above host rule example.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for clarifying this. We indeed use a PAT as `RENOVATE_TOKEN` and a deploy token for `DOCKER_REGISTRY_GITLAB_COM_*` and `PACKAGIST_GITLAB_COM_*`-
